Add Support for BlockBundle 4 (#6212)
sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle: UPGRADE-3.x.md

UPGRADE 3.x
===========

> UPGRADE FROM 3.72 to 3.x
> =========================
> 
> We added compatibility with SonataBlockBundle 4.0, make sure you are explicitly declaring your dependency
> with `sonata-project/block-bundle` on your composer.json in order to avoid unwanted upgrades.
> 
> There is a minimal BC Break on `AdminListBlockService`, `AdminSearchBlockService` and `AdminStatsBlockService`. If you are extending those clases (keep in mind that they will become final on 4.0) you should add return typehints to `execute` and `configureSettings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UPGRADE FROM 3.72 to 3.x
=========================

We added compatibility with SonataBlockBundle 4.0, make sure you are explicitly declaring your dependency
with `sonata-project/block-bundle` on your composer.json in order to avoid unwanted upgrades.

There is a minimal BC Break on `AdminListBlockService`, `AdminSearchBlockService` and `AdminStatsBlockService`. If you are extending those clases (keep in mind that they will become final on 4.0) you should add return type hints to `execute` and `configureSettings`.
```

> There is a minimal BC Break on `AdminListBlockService`, `AdminSearchBlockService` and `AdminStatsBlockService`. If you are extending those clases (keep in mind that they will become final on 4.0) you should add return typehints to `execute` and `configureSettings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a minimal BC Break on `AdminListBlockService`, `AdminSearchBlockService` and `AdminStatsBlockService`. If you are extending those clases (keep in mind that they will become final on 4.0) you should add return type hints to `execute` and `configureSettings`.
```

Reviewer: Do you forgot about fetch changes to your repositories?

Author: Yes... forgot, changing it again
